Oh, I didn't hear that wrong, did I?
Are you looking for a psychopath to play the Great Front Lake?
Could it be that you're treating all of us like idiots to deceive the mentally ill?
Ms. To Van, is this your working attitude?
Do you know how important the 5D atmosphere is?
If you can't do this job...
You just let it out.
The home of those who are able.
The atmosphere is not bad.
Eat it.
It is my drama that Cuu Vu is the god of the sky.
Can I become an actor?
Can you hear me?
I told you he was an idiot.
You have a problem with my casting?
After all, he's a psychopath.
Please.
In case of emergency
Come out with me.
Did this woman just get the money?
You finish first.
Hi, Fleur.
Then let's try it.
Change his clothes.
Isn't this my life experience?
Can this girl give me a incense wick?
Can you turn off what's sent?
Hey, as an actor, don't you know it's taboo to turn off the lights?
Let him do what he says.
You go out with him.
What? I've only got one chance.
You got it.
Don't worry, the heroine has been decided by you for a long time.
Auditions are just a way of acting.
He Tran Tinh Ngoc in the international reputation is great.
You've got to give me some of the Liang nannies.
It's okay.
Chu Van Van Ly Old Age Chu Van Quan
Lee Dai Nien
I...
ascended the throne at the age of 8.
Ten years in power.
Born in the North.
The shock of death in Korea
Attack the Three Hoang
We have to build five emperors.
General's orders
Take the battle out first.
Your Majesty.
People's dynasties can't be without you.
Even if it was my last breath in the sky.
Whose martial arts do you want?
Your Majesty protects the country.
King 4 shot
The angel holds the door.
You will follow orders.
Mr. Qi, what are you doing?
Stop it.